delighted to say that tamuka much a poha
me now now I'm hoping that's close to
the correct pronunciation Tammy you
there yes I'm there too their time was
that was that near enough pronunciation
yeah that was enough oh thanks
that's him you're in at 67 kilos it's
been a it's been a tough journey just to
get to the final so far for you hasn't
it
yes it's been a very tough gaming now
how many bouts have you had so far in
this year's championships 10 I've only
had three okay three bouts yeah to get
to the final but they've been three very
tough bout yeah yeah did you justify
Georgie would you justify to King George
II came from Repton yes yes
quarterfinals and that was a heart I
mean George's good fighter so that was a
great win a very good fighter
very great and do you know anything
about you opponent I don't know much
about him I've seen a big thing
I've seen some spinning fighting so I
know what to expect for me before a
fight you want to know about your
opponent you know watch him on YouTube
are you just a guy that gets up in the
morning has some breakfast gets his kit
gets to the box input sees gum shooting
and get some of it what are you what
sort of fight oh you which one of those
two I like to know a little bit about
him but not too much just to know what
I'm dealing with
yeah the type of style he is and how
he's gonna fight is he gonna come
forward is it gonna be backing off and
then once I know that I don't know how
I'm gonna fight him
yes I you need to yeah you need to know
a few basic memories of South yes all
dogs that that's so you based your based
in reading but where were you born 10 I
was born into the maguey
and then I came here when I was about
eleven oh okay because I was talking to
Kelvin Farwest who was I think born in
Nigeria and he came here without without
his parents it is a fairly fairly harsh
old old old stores how long you been in
the gym time in the gym since 2008 Baba
3 3 3 years 3 4 years I started boxing
in 2009 I was a bit overweight you see I
had to lose some weight to get into
shape and then I started boxing and
you've lost all that weight now yeah yes
yeah well listen time it's been a
delight speaking to and I really mean
that and I look forward to seeing you
tomorrow night keep your head on keep
yourself sensible and good luck in the
final tomorrow night against forest
halls Lewis Ritson tamuka much of power
thank you very much indeed
no it's my pleasure Sam thanks mate
now I calculate that during the last
three weeks I think I've had about seven
or eight of these boxes on that's not
bad coming is it you know because
they're not the that they're not the
guys that are going to the Olympics or
have a chance of going to Olympics these
are the guys these are young kids you
can tell from their voices today and
then last cadet on last week and the two
kids out on the week before and the two
kids enema for these are the kids - a
dream not achieving about London
London's over honestly the donkey to
pony or whatever the expression is it's
already gone it's left the stable
bravura it is it's gone straight to
Heathrow and it's got on a bi there's a
word for one of the sponsored Olympics
it's gonna be a flight to Rio and it's
now on that beach in Rio that's that's
where it's at now if you're an amateur
boxer now you're thinking Rio you're not
thinking 2012 fuck don't care about -
well if you're going on holiday if I'm
an amateur boxer I'm thinking Rio and
these kids I tear this now and if you're
listening make a notice Jack Bateson
okay
10 10 there Kelvin flowers okay Joseph
Joyce these kids right yes Ashfaq these
kids will be part of the REO squad okay
and I'll tell what the reason why we
said is after the Olympics in Beijing
eight British boxers went to Beijing
seven of turn pro but of the five boxes
that have already qualified for London
and of the seven more that are going out
to the Olympic qualifier okay at a total
of 12 we've had on this show
11 of them okay and none of those eleven
in the last six months so we're right
against it that's why we win so many
awards online and in the studio if I'm
we know if I'm in the studio and all
these data producer I say oh there
what's the best show on radio tonight
I'll show Steve y'all showed I said
there's a love award you see it's the
way we do business it is a brilliant
lineup tomorrow there will be no tickets
but if you're listening to this and you
know me and you're stuck between the two
of us I've got one spare so give me a
call because I do have one particular
spare and when we come back